Hi
friends,
let's talk about
the topic that has received the most private messages to me recently:
Stablecoin.
On May 20,
the U.S. Senate passed
the key procedural vote on the Stablecoin "Genius Act".
Soon after,
Hong Kong passed the "Stablecoin Bill".
The European Union, Singapore, the United Kingdom, South Korea, etc.
have successively
launched stablecoin-
related regulatory legislation drafts
within this year
. Even Pan Gongsheng, the governor of the People's Bank of China,
publicly discussed stablecoins for the first time in June.
On the market side,
the first stablecoin stock Circle went public
and its stock price rose by 750% in less than a month.
Companies controlled by the Trump family
have also issued their own stablecoins.
Payment giants such as Paypal and Stripe, JPMorgan Chase
, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, etc. Banks,
including domestic JD.com, Ant, and Xiaomi
, have already taken the lead in rushing into the stablecoin market.
I believe that many people may subconsciously think
that the concepts in the currency circle
are just hype
, money-making
, or that this is all a conspiracy and
a trap of the United States
. But think about it, so many governments of so many countries and regions
, so many mainstream large companies have all rushed in.
It is impossible that they are all for the purpose of making money
or rushing
in knowing that it is a trap,
right? Why do you think
everyone is rushing in all of a sudden
? Is this stablecoin the future of the financial market?
Let's take a look at
the chaotic battlefield of stablecoins
in one go. Before I start, let me say that
recently someone has been using the name of Xiao Lin
to create a group on social media
to teach everyone how to invest.
There are even those with AI dubbing, which
are all scams! !
We will not send private messages to everyone,
will not create a group,
will not teach everyone how to invest
, but anyone we see is a scammer! !
We have reported everything
we have seen, including what everyone has told us,
but the speed at which this scammer came out
is really too fast,
so I hope that if you see it,
you can also help us report it,
but the most important thing is
not to believe it! !
First of all,
we will talk about the characteristics of stablecoins and
some basic information about the stablecoin market.
If you say that
you just want to see what the United States thinks
and what other countries are doing
, then you can jump to this point in time.
Stablecoins
are a type of cryptocurrency.
Like Bitcoin and Ethereum, they
are all built on the blockchain,
but the biggest difference is that
they are stable.
Most of them are 1:1 tied to the US dollar.
Currently, each private company
can issue its own stablecoin.
For example, the stablecoin with the largest market value
is called Tether USDT.
It is issued by a company called Tether.
You can take one dollar to find Tether
, and Tether will take the dollar away from you
and create a
Tether worth one dollar
on the blockchain
and put it in your wallet.
When you get this coin,
it can circulate freely
on most chains in the crypto world
, and you can use it to pay,
trade, invest, etc.
Let's think a little deeper.
Why can Tether
guarantee that USDT is stable at one dollar?
Why is it not like
The reason why Bitcoin
is so popular
is that it guarantees that
I can issue a coin for one dollar
and redeem a coin for one dollar at the same time.
That is to say, its buying price is one dollar and
the selling price is also one dollar
, and there is no limit on the quantity
. In this way
, once the market price is higher than one dollar
, you can buy it from Tether and
then sell it on the market .
If the market price is lower than one dollar,
you can buy it on the market
and sell it to Tether.
In this way
, the market will automatically lock the price
at around one dollar.
How can Tether guarantee
unlimited redemption?
Because every coin it issues
requires at least one dollar of savings as a guarantee.
This is a bit like when the Federal Reserve issued dollars in the early days,
it had to be backed by gold
. This stablecoin
is actually backed by the US dollar
and is 100% guaranteed .
For example, if you look at Tether's first quarter report,
it issued a total of 143.68 billion Tether coins at the time
, and its reserve assets
were 149.27 billion US dollars.
You see, it is still 5.6 billion richer
. So
you found that
you don't even need To understand what blockchain
cryptocurrency
is, it is actually a bit like a game company
issuing its own game coins and Q coins
, and then using collateral assets
to guarantee the value of the game coins.
Of course
, there are actually decentralized collateralized stablecoins
and there are also stablecoins that are purely maintained by algorithms
, but these
are not large
in terms of volume.
Now , the two most important stablecoins
are Tether, which
accounts for about 60%,
and USDC, which is
issued by Circle, which has just been listed,
and accounts for 24%.
These two are the kind of stablecoins that we just talked about,
which are issued and guaranteed by a company
. And this time, various legislations in various countries
are mainly aimed at stablecoins in this situation.
Don’t you think it’s ironic?
Although the concept of blockchain is decentralization
, the mainstream of stablecoins
, which are built on blockchain,
still relies on this centralized model
issued by an institution.
I tell you that
the profit margins of these companies that issue stablecoins
are terrifying.
Tether’s profit last year was
13 billion US dollars
, and it
has only a little over 100 employees
per capita. The profit is more than 100 million US dollars
. How do these stablecoin issuing companies
make money?
Well, it is actually very simple.
When they issue stablecoins,
don’t you give them one dollar?
They mainly rely on the interest brought by the investment of this dollar .
Of course, they usually invest in
extremely stable short-term treasury bonds
or overnight reverse repurchases,
but you think the current US interest rates are so high,
so the interest they can get
is very considerable.
For example, Tether
has issued 150 billion US dollars of Tether.
Let’s calculate it at 4% interest,
which is 6 billion US dollars a year.
I estimate that
if
a company issued a Japanese yen stablecoin a few years ago,
it would probably be broke.
And another stablecoin issuing giant Circle
can grow so fast.
In fact, it is heavily dependent on exchanges.
The interest income in 2024 is 1.68 billion US dollars
, but more than 1 billion of this
will be distributed to exchanges
. Then the exchanges will pay out of their own pockets to provide subsidies
, incentives and returns
to attract users.
For example, users deposit USDC in it
. In addition to the normal annualized income,
the platform will subsidize part of the incentives.
Do you think this chain of interests
is a bit like the incentive cycle of credit cards
? Oh, that's a bit off topic.
Let's talk about
why so many people
are interested in stablecoins
and think they are very important.
The main reason is that
it can not only be used as currency in the crypto world, but
it
also seems to have obvious advantages
if you use it in some real economy transactions.
First of all, it is very convenient, which
is especially obvious compared to cross-border remittances .
The average handling fee for
traditional cross-border remittances through banks
for slightly smaller currencies
is more than 5%
, and it may take several days.
But stablecoins
are all on the blockchain, so
there is no cross-border
, no exchange rate conversion,
no bank connection,
no SWIFT, and the
funds are credited in minutes,
and the handling fee is much lower
. At the same time, It is also private.
It is just like trading game coins
in the game world.
You may only know
that the other party is called "The Dream of Nine Hundred Million Girls"
but you don't know that the other party is Mr. Wang next door.
Of course,
the difference between the crypto world and the game world is
that all the ledgers
on the blockchain are public.
So you can not only see the transaction between him and you,
but you may also see this "The Dream of Nine Hundred Million Girls".
I just transferred 120 coins to "Sad Tears"
yesterday, and received 32 coins from "Lonely Zhang Wuji" last month, etc.
Anyway, everything is public.
In fact, this convenience and privacy
is an advantage of all cryptocurrencies
. This is why everyone advocated Bitcoin at that time.
But at the same time,
stablecoins
make up for Bitcoin's biggest shortcoming. It
is stable,
convenient,
private,
and stable.
Just looking at these three advantages,
isn't it an ideal transaction currency?
So although stablecoins
are still in a very early stage
, they have already attracted a large number of
economic activities that require these three features.
The first one,
I guess everyone can guess,
is the black market.
Many people used Bitcoin to launder money before,
and they may feel that it is not stable enough.
Now that stablecoins have made up for this shortcoming,
they will naturally be favored by a large number of underground transactions
. Maybe the "Sad Tears" and
"Lonely Zhang Wuji"
are doing some black activities behind the scenes,
and it is hard to say.
Another one
is the cross-border payment we just mentioned
. About a year and a half ago,
the cross-border payment application of stablecoins
was almost zero,
but It has now
reached about 50 billion US dollars per month
and is still
growing at an astonishing rate of
20%-30% per month. The global cross-border payment market size
is about 200 trillion US dollars per year.
You see, the ceiling is still quite high.
This is why giants
like Amazon, Walmart, and JD.com
, which are involved in cross-border payments and
seem to
have nothing to do with cryptocurrencies,
are at the forefront of the layout of stablecoins.
Another major application at present
is that in countries with high inflation,
it is actually a bit like
using a digital dollar.
For example,
after 2022,
people in Argentina, Nigeria, Brazil, and Turkey
can be said to be
suffering from the rapid depreciation of their own currencies. What should we do
when our own countries
are troubled by the strict foreign exchange controls
?
The people in these countries
have begun to use stablecoins
for transactions and payments on a large scale
. Originally, the first reaction of the governments of these countries
would definitely be to ban and restrict them.
However, since the people's demand for stablecoins
is too strong,
they can't stop it,
so they simply make a 180-degree turn and
become the pioneers in actively supporting stablecoins. Instead
of letting so much money flow into the black market,
I might as well go with the flow
and open
up to stablecoins.
Brazil, for example, has directly started a pilot program
to connect stablecoins to
Brazil's official payment system PIX.
In Argentina,
you can also legally use stablecoins to pay rent
, etc.
At present,
the total amount of stablecoins in the world
exceeds 250 billion. The U.S. dollar
has increased more than 20 times in five years.
Although its total market value
is still not comparable to Bitcoin's more than 2 trillion U.S. dollars,
it is only about 1/8 of it
. In fact,
if we look at the transaction volume,
stablecoins have exceeded Bitcoin.
This also indirectly confirms
its very strong currency attributes.
In 2024, the transaction volume of stablecoins
will be 27.6 trillion U.S. dollars.
Although it is still in its infancy
, this transaction volume
has exceeded
the total payment of Visa and Mastercard in 2024.
It can be seen that its potential cannot be underestimated.
Just now, in order to quickly introduce its development,
we mainly talked about some of its positive attributes.
At present, it
still has many risks and problems .
It has extremely strong speculative attributes
and is related to money laundering. The pegged currency
may have a major collapse
or fraud
every once in a while
, and then people will naturally have a bad impression of it.
This is actually why the officials of most countries
have never been very fond of stablecoins.
But in fact, part of the reason
is that countries do not have clear regulatory
and ambiguous laws,
and you don’t know what is legal and compliant.
Where is the red line?
Therefore, most multinational companies
and most economic activities
dare not get involved in this field,
which also leads to many participants in cryptocurrencies
engaging in money laundering and
speculation.
This is why the recent legislation of various countries,
no matter how strict it is,
is a major benefit
to stablecoins and even the entire currency circle.
As for why
countries have suddenly started to legislate recently?
Well, this is actually
related to the game between big countries and the game of currencies.
The main driving force is naturally
the United States.
Let's first take a look at
some of Trump's major actions around cryptocurrencies
since he took office this
year. In January, as soon as Trump took office
, he immediately signed an executive order
titled
"Strengthening America's Leadership in Digital Financial Technology."
You see,
the name is very straightforward,
and the ban on digital dollars
basically sets the tone
for cryptocurrency.
I absolutely support it.
Also in January,
Trump issued his own $TRUMP coin,
80% of which
are controlled by Trump's companies.
This is not a stablecoin.
It is like Bitcoin, which can fluctuate in price. It
once rose to more than $80.
The total market value is as high as 60 billion US dollars
, but now it has fallen to less than 10 US dollars.
A few days later,
Trump's wife also issued her own currency,
and his son also issued his own currency.
In March, Trump announced
that the bitcoins previously confiscated by the government
would be listed as "US Strategic Crypto Reserves"
and could not be sold casually.
After that, Trump's affiliated companies
issued a stable currency USD1.
Originally, the scale was also small,
about 100 million US dollars.
As a result, on May 1, it suddenly increased more than ten times
to 2.2 billion US dollars.
What's going on?
Because Abu Dhabi came and
the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority
invested 2 billion US dollars.
To be honest,
a US president can issue his own currency.
Although I don’t know much about US laws
, I am still quite surprised by this behavior,
but it is very obvious that there is a conflict of interest.
What is the key?
The market reaction seems to be OK. It can be seen
that everyone seems to be quite accepting
of Trump's actions .
Of course.
The "Genius Bill" is
what has a major impact on the stablecoin market.
It's called a genius bill
, not because
Trump thinks it's genius,
because its abbreviation is GENIUS. It
's a U.S. legislative proposal for stablecoins. It
was
passed by the Senate with a high vote on June 17,
but it hasn't been passed by the House of Representatives yet,
so it's still just a draft.
This draft is not
as perverted as the Big, Beautiful Bill, which
has more than 1,000 pages. It's
only 20 to 30 pages in
total , so I can roughly scan
its core .
Most of them are quite standardized.
In fact, this is not only in the United States.
The legislation in most other countries is
pretty much the same.
Let me briefly summarize it.
There are probably these points.
First of all, in terms of qualifications,
companies that issue stablecoins
must have a license.
Who can issue and who can't issue is
up to our government to decide.
But
in the end, is it the state government or the federal government that has the final say
? It is still under discussion
. As for supervision,
it has stipulated
which institutions are responsible,
so you don't need to know.
In addition, in terms of reserve assets,
it requires that all stablecoins issued
must have high-quality assets as reserves
, such as short-term Treasury bonds
and overnight reverse repurchases. These have very good liquidity
, and they cannot be used as collateral.
These reserve assets
have the highest priority when it comes to repayment.
For example, if the company issuing the stablecoin goes bankrupt,
you cannot use these reserves to repay the debt first,
you have to give them to the holders of the stablecoin first
. In addition,
there are some risk management requirements,
information disclosure requirements,
anti-money laundering requirements, etc.
To be honest ,
after working in the bank for a long time,
you are quite familiar with these requirements.
It is a very standard three-piece set.
However, compared with bank supervision
, its requirements for reserve assets are obviously stricter.
You want 100% reserves.
After all, these companies
are really a bit like issuing a currency. You can
imagine that banks have to spend so much effort on compliance, and
companies in the cryptocurrency industry have to spend even more
effort on compliance
. Let's talk about compliance.
What is "compliance"?
It means how to comply with the laws and regulations of various countries
, such as various license audit requirements,
anti-money laundering requirements,
technical security requirements,
reserve asset requirements, etc.
Now all countries have to introduce these "regulations" first before
they can comply.
For example, although Tether
has the largest market size now ,
it may be driven out of the US market
due to insufficient information disclosure
and registered in the Virgin Islands
instead of the United States due to non-compliance. In fact,
compliance is more important
not only for stablecoin issuers, but
also for these cryptocurrency exchanges.
Because the various regulations in the early market were not
perfect, the trading platform can be said to have grown wildly.
In the past two years,
with the standardization of this supervision,
it has actually brought a wave of rectification to major exchanges.
For example,
there is a very large cryptocurrency exchange
called OKX In the United States, it
just reached a settlement with the Department of Justice in February this year,
paid a fine of 84 million US dollars
, and directly gave up 420 million US dollars in revenue.
Later, because it was discovered that an illegal organization
used Web3 wallet chain transactions to launder money,
it took the initiative to shut down the on-chain transactions of Web3 wallets
in March . Do you feel that he
has suffered heavy losses
this year for compliance
? In fact,
he also saw the importance of compliance,
so he simply catered to the supervision and took the
initiative to pay the fine and settle with the US Department of Justice.
The Web3 wallet chain transaction
was also proactively shut down.
What I mean is, hey,
European and American regulators,
you see, we attach importance to compliance
and security,
we perform well
and be a good exchange that abides by the law
. At the same time,
although the supervision does not require the exchange's reserves
, it has also
issued a 100% reserve proof report like the company issuing the stablecoin. It
will be released every month
from the end of 2022.
Users can also check
whether their funds
are supported by 1:1 real reserves.
In short, it is very active,
which also helped them successfully obtain
licenses in the United States, the European Union, Singapore, Dubai and other regions
to cater to supervision It
will indeed bring huge initial costs to
cryptocurrency companies
, but in the long run,
it will have huge benefits
for both user trust and regulatory trust.
There were rumors a few days ago that
OKX was considering listing on the U.S. stock market.
Now it
makes more sense that
it went through so much trouble before
, paying fines
and shutting down wallet chain transactions .
Hey, let me tell you
that listing on the U.S. stock market
actually has a very unusual meaning
in the cryptocurrency circle ,
because for them,
it is equivalent to a very strong
certificate of compliance with the U.S. market.
To be honest,
these cryptocurrency companies are not actually short of money. What they
lack is credit
and certificates.
This is their biggest benefit from listing on the U.S. stock market.
Whether it is for users, investors
, partners
, or even regulators,
it has a very big credit bonus.
This is why
Coinbase has always been
a typical good student
in cryptocurrency compliance,
including Circle, which has just been listed, and
has done the most and most fully in terms of compliance.
In fact, it has helped them
to seize most of the U.S. market first
. So why
is the United States so actively promoting stablecoins?
In summary,
it has three main purposes
One is to maintain or even strengthen the status of the US dollar,
another is to increase the demand for US debt,
and the other is to seize the status of the crypto world.
Of course, some people say that there should be another point
. Trump himself wants to make money.
You see, he has issued so many coins.
He just wants to, right?
We will not comment on this.
Let's mainly discuss the three points before.
First, strengthen the status of the US dollar
. US Treasury Secretary Bessant
clearly stated in March that
the Trump administration will use stablecoins
to maintain the dominance of the US dollar.
We have mentioned it many times before.
Recently, especially after Trump took office,
many countries
and even the entire market
have been very slowly de-dollarizing.
This is definitely something the US government does not want to see.
As for stablecoins,
although it can be linked to anything,
it can have euros, stablecoins,
and offshore There are stablecoins for RMB and
stablecoins for gold
, but in fact,
99% of the market is still stablecoins for US dollars.
In the short term, promoting stablecoins
is equivalent to promoting the US dollar, right?
Although the transaction of stablecoins is on the chain
, the collateral behind them is all US dollars
, and it is also pegged to the US dollar exchange rate
. Let's take a slightly extreme assumption.
For example, Kazakhstan,
Turkey, Nigeria, and Argentina
all use stablecoins for transactions in US dollars.
Then ,
no one will use
the lira, naira
, and peso printed by these countries
, and the interest rates they set will be useless. It is basically equivalent to these countries using US dollars and
being completely dollarized.
Therefore, if US dollar stablecoins
are widely used in non-US dollar countries,
this will definitely enhance the application scope
and international status
of the US dollar. This is very easy to understand.
Then It
is to stimulate the demand for U.S. Treasury bonds.
Think about it,
because most stablecoins are pegged to the U.S. dollar, 60%
of the reserve assets behind them
are now short-term Treasury bonds.
After the legislation, there may be more.
For example, Tether
is the largest issuer of stablecoins.
In 2024, the net purchase of U.S. Treasury bonds was US$33.1 billion.
This was the seventh largest buyer of U.S. Treasury bonds in the world last year.
Bensont also said at the hearing
that by 2028 ,
the scale of stablecoins may increase eightfold,
and the demand for short-term U.S. Treasury bonds
may exceed 1 trillion.
You see, U.S. Treasury bonds are worried that no one will buy them.
Isn't this good? Everyone has mentioned this point a lot,
because his logical chain
is very logical and
reasonable.
However, I personally think that
this is not the main reason why the United States has been so hasty
in introducing the stablecoin bill.
Of course This is purely my personal opinion.
You can listen to what I think.
First of all, the demand for these U.S. bonds
is not a brand new demand
, but this is not the most critical point
. The more critical point is the term of the treasury bonds.
People often say that
Tether is the largest holder of treasury bonds and
how many U.S.
bonds it has bought. The main thing to look at is its holdings of treasury bonds
, but for U.S. bonds,
the term is very important. Most of
the treasury bonds reserved by these stablecoins
are ultra-short-term treasury bonds
within 3 months. For example,
the treasury bonds purchased by
Japan and the People's Bank of China with foreign exchange reserves
are medium- and long-term treasury bonds of 3 to 30 years.
The two are completely different concepts.
Friends who have done transactions should know that
there is an essential difference
between 3-month treasury bonds and 10-year treasury bonds
. For this ultra-short-term interest rate
In fact, it is not the market demand
that plays a decisive role.
Who is it?
The Federal Reserve.
The Federal Reserve can just cut interest rates by 25 basis points. It
can be more useful than 10 Tethers
buying 3-month short-term treasury bonds like crazy
.
This part is a little bit skipped.
I didn't go into detail.
Anyway,
the US government is not worried about selling
these ultra-short-term treasury bonds . What it worries about is the long-term treasury bonds.
We talked about the Mar-a-Lago agreement before.
Didn't Milan also suggest
that other countries can replace those short-term treasury bonds
with long-term
or even ultra-long-term treasury bonds
? I don't care
if you buy short-term
ones . It's better to replace them with long-term
ones. In short, if you say that the United States has spent a lot of time and effort
to urgently launch such a set of cryptocurrency bills
to promote the development of the entire crypto world,
it has brought huge uncertainty
. It is for the increase of
$1 trillion
in demand for short-term Treasury bonds in three years
. I have doubts about this.
This increase in demand for Treasury bonds is definitely a benefit
, but I think
it is far from the most important and fundamental purpose of the United States.
The other two points are
much more important. Let's look at the third point, which
is to compete for the right to speak in the crypto world.
Before,
the United States mainly watched cryptocurrencies.
As it watched, it found
that after so many years
,
it seems that the crypto world is not a flash in the pan.
Its demand is continuing to expand, and its
concepts are constantly being updated.
There are even signs of challenging the traditional financial system.
Since I can't suppress it
, I might as well embrace it
and take the lead in
legislating and standardizing.
In fact, it is not only the United States, but also
the countries and regions that support stable currency legislation
. The United States is not the first
to have this goal.
You can see that Europe, Singapore, and Hong Kong
have all launched stablecoin drafts
. Countries like Switzerland in the Middle East
have always been very supportive of blockchain.
So we can't say that the United States is trying to get ahead. We can
only say that it is trying not to fall behind and
not lose its position as a global reserve currency
in this new battlefield of the crypto world ,
right? We can only expedite legislation.
Now let's talk about China.
We know that
mainland China has always banned cryptocurrencies.
The main push at present is
the digital RMB
, but this digital RMB
is still very different from stablecoins.
Well, we'll talk about
this when we have a chance.
After all, the United States wants to seize the dominant position in stablecoins,
and China must be afraid of missing this train
and also wants
to strive for offshore in new markets . The voice of RMB,
so now it is mainly in Hong Kong
to pilot stablecoins. The RMB stablecoin
adopts this dual-track system.
Hong Kong launched the "Stablecoin Bill"
in May this year
, which will take effect on August 1. As
soon as this bill was launched,
the concept stocks of stablecoins went crazy,
at least 70%. It can be seen that the market
is very optimistic about the stablecoin market in Hong Kong
.
Of course, the stablecoin promoted by Hong Kong
is not the US dollar stablecoin, but
the Hong Kong dollar stablecoin.
At the same time, it is also planned to launch
a pilot of offshore RMB stablecoin.
The content and concept of this regulation
are actually similar to the one we just talked about in the United States.
Let's talk about some differences.
First of all, Hong Kong's approach
is called "sandbox"
, which is to conduct a pilot in an isolated and
fully controllable regulatory environment
. In July 2024, he
announced the licenses of three "Sandbox" participants.
These three can be said to be the first participants
in the Hong Kong stablecoin circle.
The licenses were obtained by
JD Coin Chain, Yuancoin Innovation
, and an alliance including Standard Chartered Bank.
JD Coin Chain is obviously JD's,
and the custodian bank behind it is called Tianxing Bank.
Who are the two major shareholders of Tianxing Bank?
Xiaomi and Futu.
The second Yuancoin Innovation is
mainly backed by some currency circle capital.
The third alliance
is mainly some Hong Kong capital.
Then there is another player who
is not a "Sandbox" participant yet,
but has been eyeing
to become the player who wants to win the next batch of licenses.
That is Ant Group.
So you see,
the Hong Kong Stablecoin Ordinance has not yet come into effect,
but the competition for this license has already begun.
Then Hong Kong has another feature, that
is, it will obviously pay more attention to cross-border payments.
For example, the Hong Kong
Economic and Trade Authority and the People's Bank of China
jointly launched the Cross-border Payment Pass,
which was just launched on June 22.
It roughly allows point-to-point direct connection
between the mainland and Hong Kong
without going through particularly complicated cross-border transactions
. In this way, the flow of funds can be smoother, and
the cross-border payment Although Futong
is not on the blockchain
, it also uses distributed ledger technology
and stablecoins. The compatibility of digital RMB is very high,
so the market generally believes
that it is
an important path to promote the internationalization
of RMB stablecoins in the future. The EU
passed
the MiCA regulatory bill for crypto assets in 2023.
The Singapore Financial Services Authority also
issued a regulatory framework for stablecoins in 2023.
These two countries issued formal regulatory regulations very
early
.
In general,
in order to facilitate everyone's understanding, I will simply classify
the attitudes of various countries towards stablecoins.
The first is the active and open type.
Typical examples include Singapore, Hong Kong, and the United Arab Emirates
. Especially the UAE,
which has always been at the forefront of the currency circle.
It feels that other places have to allow something
to be done,
but in the UAE, as long as it is not prohibited,
you can try
all the major currency companies.
You are welcome to come to my place to play
and build a company.
I almost don’t even collect taxes.
Hong Kong and Singapore
are both important global financial centers and trade centers.
They are still competing for the position of the top financial brother in Asia.
Naturally , no one wants
to lag behind in this new track
in the crypto world. The competition for stablecoins has begun.
Last month, Singapore's
Financial Services and Markets Act 2022
officially came into effect
, which clearly stipulates that
entities registered in Singapore
and
providing digital token services
to overseas customers must obtain a license before they can operate.
The second category,
I call it cautious and inclusive,
is mainly the United States and
the European Union. Although the EU introduced this regulatory bill early
, its attitude can be said to be very cautious
, even more cautious than the United States.
For example, its MiCA regulations
prohibit the collection of token redemption fees,
prohibit stablecoins from paying interest
, and strictly limit daily trading volume, etc.
The reason is that these stablecoins
will
pose risks to the smooth operation of the financial stability payment system, monetary policy transmission or monetary sovereignty.
In short, there are still many restrictions,
especially the prohibition on stablecoins paying interest, which
is quite harsh. Now many stablecoin platforms
have begun to target users to pay interest on
stablecoins ,
which is a bit like a deposit in the cryptocurrency world.
But if
the EU stipulates that stablecoins are not allowed to pay interest,
this will actually greatly reduce the attractiveness of stablecoins
. The subtext is that
if I don't ban it, you're good.
Don't give me those
pretentious things in the financial circle.
It can be seen Europeans' attitude towards stablecoins
is cautious but slightly repulsive and
conservative
. In fact,
South Korea
was also quite repulsive to cryptocurrencies
before 2021 , especially the Luna coin that collapsed in 2022,
whose headquarters is in South Korea.
This caused South Korean investors
to lose more than 4 billion US dollars.
After that, various legislations introduced by South Korea
tend to be strict.
Just don't let anything happen again.
Although the control is very strict
, South Korea's private cryptocurrency market
is still very hot,
especially the new president Lee Jae-myung.
You can clearly feel that he is relatively friendly
to stablecoins and digital assets
. In his campaign manifesto, he said that
the Korean won stablecoin is allowed.
South Korea also just
proposed the "Basic Act on Digital Assets" in June.
In fact, many countries are similar to South Korea
in their attitude towards stablecoins.
In the past year,
they have changed from cautious to acceptance
and even embrace
. Then the third category is clear restrictions.
The most typical one is mainland China.
In addition
, Bangladesh and Afghanistan are also. Let
me expand a little bit.
Although we are mainly talking about stablecoins today
, what each country wants to promote
is not only stablecoins
, but "tokenization"
, which involves
a very popular concept in blockchain recently called RWA
Real World Assets
literally means "real world assets".
Do
n't be confused. It
's not complicated.
It's actually to
digitize some assets in the real world and
put them on the blockchain.
For example, if I have a house in the real world,
I can put it on the blockchain.
To build a corresponding
mapping asset,
an RWA,
you can put the debt issued by the enterprise on the chain,
you can put the intellectual property on the chain
, and it cannot be tampered with on the chain .
The transaction is also open and transparent
, and you can even hang some smart contracts, etc.
You see, this stablecoin
is actually a kind of RWA.
It puts the real-world US dollars
on the chain.
In March of this year, BlackRock
jointly
launched a US dollar money fund called BUIDL
on the chain with Securitize.
This is to put an investment fund on the chain.
You invest in it with stablecoins,
and then
you will get more stablecoins as a return regularly.
To be honest,
I also know
that there are many financial games on the blockchain,
and it is not uncommon to set up such an investment fund.
The key is that it is not an unknown company that
has issued a fund on the chain.
This is BlackRock,
the world's largest asset management company,
and the current scale of this fund
has reached 2.9 billion US dollars.
To be honest, I am still surprised that
a mainstream financial company
can enter the market so early,
so successfully, and
on such a large scale.
In China, Ant
is also actively researching and promoting RWA, and
is actively participating in
the Ensemble sandbox project in Hong Kong. It
has developed RWA for charging piles, RWA
for photovoltaic power plants, and
RWA for battery swap stations.
In this way,
these projects can be financed on the blockchain,
and everyone can invest in RWA
on the blockchain. RWA
is especially regarded by Hong Kong and Singapore
as a very promising field
in the crypto world.
Of course
, it is also one of the main battlefields for stablecoins
. Stablecoins
are also developing rapidly.
For example,
OKX launched a product called OKX a while ago . The function of Pay
is that two people can use the APP
to scan the code of each other and
transfer money in real time,
just like Alipay
, but it transfers stablecoins . Then you
can put the balance of this stablecoin in your wallet
and manage it in your account
, just like Yu'ebao.
Then online payment giants such
as Paypal and Stripe
have also incorporated stablecoins
into their payment systems
.
In fact, you see
why major companies in various countries
have recently begun to join the stablecoin war
. I think
this is a global version of
"join if you can't beat it."
Most companies
and governments of most countries
may refuse
and resist at the beginning.
After all, most of them
are vested interests in the original market system.
But
when some of them gradually realize that this trend
seems to be irreversible in the short term,
what can they do if they can't beat it
? Then I will join
and rush to the front.
The more people turn around and rush to the stablecoin market,
the stronger the momentum will be.
In fact, facing this big trend,
everyone wants to fight for their own interests. Do
you think the United States
wants to use stablecoins
to strengthen its dollar status?
Yes. Do
other countries and regions
want
to seize a favorable position through stablecoins?
Yes. Does
Trump personally want to profit from cryptocurrencies?
Yes,
companies in the currency circle want to profit from cryptocurrencies. Does stablecoin
make money through cryptocurrency?
Yes, wait a minute.
Although everyone has different goals
, from the perspective of practice,
they are all promoting the stablecoin market
and promoting the improvement and development of the cryptocurrency market.
This is actually very similar to some hot spots.
For example, everyone is rushing to invest in AI
and robots.
However, the trend of stablecoins
also
involves the participation of
governments, supervision,
and central banks of various countries , right? It is a global melee.
As for the specific strategies
of various countries and the purpose of their legislation,
we have just made a brief analysis.
To
be honest, I think that most governments
have not figured it out . Don't think that
those who participate in the discussion of stablecoin legislation in various countries
are all cryptocurrency experts.
There are not so many experts.
How many
senators in the US Congress who are at least 50 years old
can truly understand stablecoins
and cryptocurrencies?
They have to vote on
this key stablecoin bill.
Most of them will take a step-by-step approach
. If stablecoins are used on a large scale,
what impact will it have on the existing financial system?
We say that
the rise of stablecoins
includes decentralized finance,
which essentially skips financial intermediaries and
payment companies.
There is a term called "financial disintermediation",
so banks are also nervous,
and payment companies are also nervous.
They can only rush to the front.
Jamie Dimon, the boss of JPMorgan Chase
In 2023, people still said that
Bitcoin was a big scam.
Recently, they have issued their own Morgan coins.
It is expected that by the end of 2025,
major European and American banks and financial technology companies
will have launched their own stablecoins.
In fact, you see,
regulators
require issuers of stablecoins to have 100% reserves.
In theory, a large part of this money
will flow back to the banking system,
so in theory,
the amount of money flowing out of the banking system should not be much,
but what is the problem?
It will lose a lot of flexible funds
and a lot of lending capabilities
, so its interests will definitely be greatly damaged.
At the same time,
it will also reduce the connection between banks and the entire economy.
The damage to the interests of the bank itself
may not matter to everyone,
but the weakening of its connection with the entire economy
is more troublesome,
because the central bank, the central
bank
, regulates monetary policy through the banking system .
The weakening of the connection
will lead to a reduction in the effectiveness of the central bank
's monetary policy. As for who will regulate monetary policy in the crypto world,
the circulation speed of stablecoins, and
the credit scale of stablecoins,
this is actually a bigger and more important issue.
In fact, regulators in various countries
are now deliberately avoiding this issue.
You see The United States
defines stablecoins as payment stablecoins,
which means that you mainly use them for payments,
and rarely use them for savings
, investment
, or financing. It
's not just the United States.
We've seen that all countries are similar
, basically prohibiting
or extremely strictly restricting stablecoin payment interest rates
, not to mention lending.
You see, this is actually intentionally avoiding
the issue of stablecoin interest rates .
We can only take one step at a time.
Stablecoins
are really interesting.
I'm sure I don't have the ability to
talk about it thoroughly in just
one video , but I hope that through this content, everyone
can at least realize that it's not that simple.
It has caused a lot of serious collisions.
It has caused
collisions between different currencies
in different countries
, a collision between the traditional financial system and the encrypted trading system,
a collision between private companies and official regulatory agencies
and central banks
, and a collision between stability and innovation.
Although this innovation is very risky
, so many countries and regions
can embrace it so actively
. To be honest, I'm still very excited
and want to see
what kind of form this so-called Web3 world can develop
to subvert our cognition.
