you
you
you
you
you
you
wei, wei
Can you hear
打个一
dees
I can hear it.
I can hear it.
I can hear it.
I can hear it.
I can hear it.
How is the sound?
I will turn down the volume.
Let's discuss it.
I can hear it.
Thank you.
There is a QR code on the list.
I will take it away.
I will take it away.
Please remember to pull the QR code.
Let's talk for a few minutes.
There are QR codes on the list.
QR codes on the list.
Recently,
I received a lot of friends.
Not many friends.
One-on-one information.
I found that
sometimes,
although the situation is different,
the age is different,
the profession is different,
but the problem is
that life is the key turning point.
Because China
has been developing
from the economic development
to the slow-moving period.
Many people
in the way of life
and in the form of consciousness
don't adapt
to the new one.
So they face the problem of turning.
After I talked to them,
I gave them some suggestions.
What I want to tell you is that
life may be very long.
For decades,
life is the key.
But the real key
is the few steps.
The real key
is the few steps.
When I was young,
I went to college
and got married.
After I got married,
I worked for several times.
For example, when I was 30 or 40,
I changed my job.
I couldn't go abroad.
I had to choose
because
it affected a lot of people.
Many people
don't have
a person
to talk to.
Because you have to make
these decisions.
You have to
know
about the situation.
The world you know
is as real as possible.
Or as real as possible.
Don't go too far.
It is also life.
What is life?
It is also life.
It is also a choice.
Sometimes you make the right choice.
Your choice is your life.
Your personality is your life.
When we came all the way,
a lot of older brothers
came.
A lot of older brothers' guidance.
His understanding of the situation.
Especially, he is a person who comes.
He is a person who comes to talk to you.
And his level of sleep is higher than yours.
The situation of experience is almost the same.
When we were young,
the things we experienced
in those older brothers
seemed to be very simple.
I may be older now.
I have experienced a lot of things.
In fact,
besides a friend,
I can't give him a better choice.
I can only give him
a better choice.
I can only give him
a better choice.
I can't give him a better choice.
I can only give him a better choice.
But sometimes,
in the situation,
you can't see clearly.
So,
you can talk to them.
So,
don't tweet
or send a message.
You should go to the Patreon.
There is a product.
You should go there.
You should go there and buy the product.
Then, you should ask me for some time.
Then,
I will call you in advance.
Send me the message in advance.
If you don't feel at ease,
you don't need to tell me clearly.
Of course, I will keep it for you.
In this case,
you can come here one-on-one.
Shudan, you have to wait.
Shudan
has been busy recently.
In Japan,
it's not just about agriculture.
It's about Yuan Dan.
So, there are many things.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
In the middle,
if others are against the question,
I will challenge you.
If you only listen to your live broadcast,
or if you have any questions,
I suggest you to leave.
Or refresh your mind.
If it's just your personal question,
if others don't respond,
it's your personal question.
Then, you should leave.
Or, the worst case is to restart.
This is so big.
It's all public information.
And now,
there are a lot of people who copy me.
They don't know who is the original person.
There are a lot of people who copy me
on Twitter today.
After copying,
they know it's me.
Some people want to help,
but don't reply.
Let me tell you.
A lot of people
copy me on Twitter.
Sometimes,
they can only copy a few people.
If the owner doesn't reply,
you can just leave.
Usually, I tell him,
he must reply within two days.
If he doesn't reply within two days,
you can remind him.
Because a lot of people
respond to him.
So, you can remind him.
Thank you.
Like this video.
Like this video.
Like this video.
Like this video.
Like this video.
If you want to add a group,
send your message to him.
Don't send it to him.
This process,
I think
I can reply
to most of the netizens.
Some netizens
wait for him to reply.
Think about it.
A lot of people contact him.
Of course,
this is a kind of exchange.
Contact anyone,
friends, colleagues,
or even leaders.
You have to think about it.
Don't ask for a group.
If you ask for a group,
send your message to him.
The worst part is to send your message to him.
I am also afraid
that others might send me a message.
Or send a message.
If you send a message,
I won't reply.
I can't listen to your long message.
If you send a message,
I won't reply.
I am sorry.
I have no time to listen.
Send a message to him.
You can contact him later.
Remember,
don't send a message.
Say hello directly.
Second, don't send a message.
You can read the text anytime.
Sometimes it is painful to listen to a message.
Everyone,
find someone to take a photo
on our YouTube platform.
If it is not convenient for you to take a photo,
you can take a photo.
Both platforms are different,
but both are the same.
In today's video,
I will be on both platforms
on YouTube.
You can watch the general live stream
on YouTube.
Other content,
there are some drawbacks
but there are advantages.
It is better to send a long message.
I will send some messages.
Some messages are not convenient for me to send to the hotel.
There are some drawbacks
but there are some drawbacks.
It is more expensive than YouTube.
So it will be a little more expensive.
I have been taken away by the platform.
Let's start.
The status of the family
is not high.
It is mainly because of the small gold treasury.
Why do you talk about the provincial secretary?
In fact,
I just want to talk about these provincial secretary.
These people
can climb to the provincial secretary
in more than 10 billion.
From the 8,000 million staff members
to the 350 people in the group,
these people are all deaf.
Their vision has experienced all kinds of problems.
Let me talk about the provincial secretary.
It is not for everyone to say
that you are the provincial secretary
but for you.
These people are typical vision.
They are typical cases.
You can analyze these cases
through analysis.
You can analyze their vision
and their life situation.
You can get the rules on these vision.
If you are in the system
or are involved in work,
you can get the rules.
I am not the provincial secretary.
You are the president, the chief,
the county head, the mayor.
They are all the same.
Secondly,
you know
the future of these people
and how to analyze these people's vision.
You know
the starting point.
You can know
the future of these people.
You can find them
if you are the provincial secretary.
Don't think about the provincial secretary.
In fact, the provincial secretary
is the first time I met a provincial secretary
when I was in college.
I went to his house.
He was biting his teeth.
He was biting his teeth
and wanted to hold hands with me.
Then he said,
you will understand
the future of these people
in the future.
Thirdly,
why do you learn these things?
If you want to understand China,
I am not in the system.
I don't want to
work in a normal way.
For example,
I want to know the situation of China.
These groups
are all
you know Xi Jinping,
you don't know him well.
These provincial secretary are all small-scale Xi Jinping.
They are all small-scale leaders.
You can understand
the politics of China through him.
Every province
is different.
You can understand the ecology of each province.
You can do anything in China.
Even if you are a joke,
you can be a observer.
You have to know
who is in charge of this big situation.
For example, you are in Yunnan province.
If you don't know
his director,
you can't
understand him.
You can only see him
on the street.
How do you know?
Every province
is the provincial secretary.
Why do you talk about the provincial secretary?
It has nothing to do with you.
Everyone lives in
the system.
The provincial secretary is the best
in the system.
It is a big problem.
Let's talk about
southern and northwest.
What about
southwest?
Yunnan province.
The provincial secretary of Yunnan province
is Wang Ning.
He was born in 1961.
He is from Hunan province.
He was born in
Shenyang province.
Why do you have to study the system?
Because many systems
help each other.
Some places are very familiar.
For example,
Chen Xi got rid of
the
and he moved to
Sili province.
he was born in western
province.
He was born in women
Chen Xixi, although he is based on Lao Xiang's foundation,
but he doesn't come from Lao Xiang,
he doesn't really like the foundation of Lao Xiang.
But some people say Lao Xiang is very important in China.
So you have to study his habits,
know where he came from,
and the second thing is, you know his personality.
For example, Chen Ming'er, look, he is a mastermind.
A mastermind, many people say,
there is a line below Shaoxing,
Shaoxing is a mastermind, but it's not.
The mastermind is completely different from Shaoxing people.
The mastermind is more righteous.
The mastermind is a northeastern person from the south.
It's more bloody.
The mastermind is a gang member in Zhejiang.
The mastermind is very good at observing Zhejiang.
So when you see Chen Ming'er,
you know that the mastermind will also understand his path of life.
The mastermind is very close to him.
So Wang Jing's university is usually
talking about a university student.
He is a major or I forgot.
Anyway, his degree is average.
And then he is in the construction department for a long time.
He has been in the construction department for 83 years.
And then he has been doing it all the way to the front.
The progress is very slow, everyone knows.
Until 1999, he was still a private assistant engineer.
He was a deputy secretary.
In 2002, he went to Xinjiang to hang out with the manager.
The manager of Xinjiang Construction Department is hanging out with the manager.
Think about it, he went to Xinjiang for his progress.
Xinjiang is also very backward now.
It's hard to hang out.
And it's so far away from home.
He went to Urumqi.
Maybe it's far away from the East China Sea.
So he can't do anything about his progress.
Then he went to Xinjiang to hang out with the manager.
Then in 2005, he was promoted to the deputy director of the construction department.
The mastermind is a private secretary.
In 2008, he became a private secretary.
When you look at him as a private secretary,
you know that he has entered the core position.
Why did he get promoted?
Because in 2001, the director of the construction department was changed to Wang Guangtao.
Wang Guangtao has been the director of the construction department for 08 years.
So Wang Ning's main foundation in the construction department is Wang Guangtao's hands.
Wang Guangtao went to hang out with the manager for 05 years in 2002.
He was also the director of the nuclear power plant.
He was also the director of the director of the construction department.
Then he became a private secretary.
This is all under Wang Guangtao's control.
Wang Guangtao, you all know that he used to hang out with the construction department all the time.
He used to be the director of the nuclear power plant.
Then he was the deputy director of the construction department in Beijing.
He is also an old man in the construction field.
Then in 2013, Wang Ning became the deputy director of the construction department.
Who was the deputy director at that time?
It was Jiang Weixin, a younger brother of Zeng Peiyan.
He was originally promoted to the vice director of the nuclear power plant.
In 2013, he became the deputy director of the construction department.
At that time, he was actually always in the construction department.
You see, from 1983 to 2013,
it was nearly 30 years ago.
Then this is all part of the construction department of the nuclear power plant.
In general, the nuclear power plant has been developing in a department like this.
Then he became the deputy director and basically came to an end.
But when he was 15, he tried to change.
He became the deputy director of the construction department in 2015.
He became a secretary in Fuzhou in 2017.
He became the deputy director of Fuzhou in 2020.
He was in Yunnan Street in 2011.
His life, you see, the second most important part of his life,
was in Fuzhou.
He stayed for about six years from 2015 to 2015.
He was the deputy director of Fuzhou and the deputy director of Fuzhou.
During this time, everyone knows that Fuzhou has a lot of communication channels with Xi Jinping,
including his old leader, including the former Nile expert.
including the previous secretary of Fuzhou,
the two old men can recommend Ganbo.
You have communicated with him, including Chen Xi and Cai Qi.
Especially Chen Xi has a lot of contact with Fuzhou.
Because he is the deputy director of Fuzhou,
he has received this Fujian thing.
There must be a lot of contact with Chen Xi.
So in the middle of this, he basically communicated with Xi's channel.
So in the 21st year, he received this Yunnan secretary.
But Wang Ning, in Yunnan,
because in Yunnan, everyone knows that there are a lot of things going on.
Recently, Li Ji Heng, everyone is going to be in trouble again.
So the secretary of Yunnan has very few contacts.
Li Ji Heng is in trouble.
Because I uploaded a video of Li Ji Heng a few days ago.
Everyone take a look.
Li Ji Heng is actually quite busy.
When he was in Guangxi, he did a lot of things.
And when he was in Yunnan, he also suffered a lot of things.
But after Wang Ning came up,
the situation in Yunnan was probably ruined.
The secretary of Yunnan, the secretary of Yunnan,
didn't have a few contacts.
Chen Hao might have been involved this time.
Because he caught a key businessman.
At the same time, Li Ji Heng also told Chen Hao.
But the people on Chen Hao are still here.
So Chen Hao doesn't know what to do.
But Wang Ning is probably in trouble.
Thank you, Mr. Xue.
After he was in trouble, he did things.
He didn't have any power to do anything.
That's how the ministry of justice came out.
So his influence in Yunnan is the same.
Anyway, Wang Ning is almost there.
This is a ministry of justice.
But what's strange is that he has changed.
It's very successful to change.
Second, look at his early experience.
You see, he has been suffering for so many years.
So don't worry.
He solved the problem and spent 13 years.
He spent 16 years.
Second, let's talk about Guizhou's Xu Lin.
Xu Lin was in June of 1963.
He graduated from Shanghai, Nanjiang.
He graduated from the University of Shanghai.
Xu Lin's professionalism is not high.
He graduated from the University of Shanghai.
When he graduated from the University of Shanghai in 1982,
he was a middle school teacher.
He was the secretary of the middle school committee.
Because everyone knows that in the county,
he often went to the middle school to elect the secretary of the committee.
So he became the secretary of the committee.
He became the secretary of the village committee.
Nanjiang was an old county under Shanghai.
He was later sick.
So he became the secretary of the county committee of Nanjiang.
I guess this kid can write.
Then in 1992, he became the deputy president.
In 1995, he became the secretary of the family district.
He became the deputy president.
In the middle, he went to Rikaze, Tibet.
This is called Yuanzang.
In 1997, he became the general manager of the Shanghai Agricultural Company.
Then he was promoted to the chairman.
The agricultural company group knew that it was under the Shanghai Agricultural Committee.
So in this stage,
the main topic is Meng Jianzhu.
Because he has been in this county.
He has been in the agricultural system of the agricultural company.
At that time, the Shanghai Agricultural Committee was mainly under Meng Jianzhu's control.
Then Meng Jianzhu became the deputy president of the agricultural company.
Then in 2003, Xu Lin became the director of the Civil Affairs Bureau.
We all know that about 2001, Meng Jianzhu left.
Because who was he with?
With Huang Jue or Chen Liangyu?
With Huang Jue, it should be the secretary of the county committee of Shanghai.
He arranged for him to go to Jiangxi.
At this time, it was with Xu Lin.
There was no boss in Shanghai.
He broke his leg.
He broke his leg, but he was also a regular.
So you see, after 2001, Xu Lin has always changed.
Because Chen Liangyu and Huang Jue didn't like Meng Jianzhu.
So he has always been changed.
So he became the director of the Civil Affairs Bureau in 2003.
In 2007,
you see, he has been in the government for so many years.
He only appointed a farm owner.
So you see, when he was in the government of Chen Liangyu,
Xu Lin was more changeable.
But in February 2007, he was still the farm owner.
But at this time, you know,
in March 2007, a new secretary came to Shanghai.
Chen Liangyu was in trouble.
A secretary named Xi Jinping came to Shanghai.
So in May, the Shanghai committee was elected.
The Standing Committee of the Shanghai Committee.
At that time, when Xi Jinping introduced him,
did you have any impression?
I don't know.
It's said that this is our youngest Standing Committee.
In addition, he said that he supported Xi Zao.
When Xi Jinping introduced him, he said these two words.
So you see, Xu Lin has a direct relationship with Xi Jinping.
Although it's very short, about half a year.
The second one is that Xi Jinping was the one who solved it.
Then why did Xi Jinping solve it?
Because his level is just enough.
In addition, he must have been with Chen Liangyu.
You don't have to worry about him, you don't have to worry about him.
You don't have to worry about a person.
It's not easy for you to worry about a person.
As a result, you find that this is Chen Liangyu.
Who else can get rid of him?
So after this, he entered the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Committee.
After that, he became a general secretary.
He became the head of the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Committee.
He became the head of the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Committee in 2013.
In 2015, he became the vice-chairman of the Central Committee of the Shanghai Committee.
Why did he fall at this time?
Because Xi Jinping used human rights from 2015 to 2016.
Before that, Xi Jinping was actually a user.
He was very careful.
You observe Xi Jinping's user.
You will find that he used a wave of people in 2013.
This is his most iron and Li Qiang Chenmier's wave.
In 2014, Huang Kunming fell to the Central Committee.
Then Cai Qi fell to the National Security Office.
This wave was basically his most ironed wave in 2015.
He used a wave in 2016 and 2017.
This is the second circle of his fellow members.
Xu Lin belongs to this second circle.
But he didn't solve the Ministry of Justice for him.
In June 2016, he became the head of the Wang Xinbans.
He was the main leader of the Wang Xinbans.
You know that Lu Wei, the vice-chairman of the New York Times,
is the general secretary of the Wenjia Bao brand.
He was the leader of the Wang Xinbans,
the leader of the Wu Xinbans,
and Lu Wei.
In the early years of Xi Jinping,
he also used Lu Wei to be his prime minister.
For example, he went to the bun shop,
to eat buns,
to the Xima,
to the Xima,
to the Xima,
to the Xima,
and to the Xima,
and Lu Wei was the prime minister.
So you see,
Xi Jinping's image was very clear.
But Lu Wei,
this guy,
he was very loyal to the surface,
but he did that little thing by himself.
Later,
he was also used in the middle of Xuling.
It was said that Lu Wei and Xi Jinping
fought very fiercely against Xuling.
Lu Wei used a group of security guards
to defend Xuling.
At first,
Lu Wei,
you see,
Xi Jinping's departure
was following Lu Wei.
Hei Ping, right?
That's your business.
Don't worry, everyone.
Let's have a try.
The system is not very good.
Let's have a try.
Because I don't understand the system.
We are all equal in front of the system.
Including the payment problem,
your money is paid to the platform.
You have to find the platform to speed up,
including using the system.
I'm not very clear.
You try it yourself, okay?
So,
there was a fight between Lu Wei and Xuling.
Xuling helped Xi Jinping
to get rid of some of the material.
That's how Lu Wei got rid of it.
So, you can see that Lu Wei's
dealings
were written very fiercely.
Almost all of the security guards
were the most malicious ones.
The boss hated him a lot.
He said,
I trust you.
I will take you to see Jack Boga.
I will take you to the kitchen.
You will be involved in these things.
You will have a very rich life.
You will have a very rich life.
You will have a very rich life.
You will have a very rich life.
You will have a very rich life.
Lu Wei got rid of it.
Lu Wei is very nice to Xiao Yan.
So, he was very harsh to him.
You should check his dealings.
He was very harsh to him.
He said,
this person is really his mother.
You should be the most malicious one.
You should be the most malicious one.
You should be the most malicious one.
You should be the most malicious one.
So, after Xuling became the leader of the Internet.
He knew that the power of the Internet
was the biggest power in the Central Committee.
Originally, the Internet was an edge.
But because the Internet is too big now.
These Internet companies
basically can control it.
Everyone knows how big their power is.
Including people like Teng Xun,
who is the leader of the Internet.
Everyone knows that
they have the power to control the whole network.
So, everyone knows his power.
It is almost the biggest power in the Central Committee.
It can be said that
the whole department of the Internet
is the biggest power in the whole network.
Don't look at him as a popular person.
Think about it.
If he managed the Weibo a little better
or just wanted to go crazy
He was arrested for a few days, and a long time later, he was arrested for a few days.
So, it's okay, everyone.
It's not easy for me to do a live broadcast in the middle of the night.
18 years later, Xu Lin was the director of the National News Agency.
After the National News Agency, he was actually in charge of the Internet before the National News Agency.
Later, these two institutions were separated.
The National News Agency was actually in charge of the Internet before the National News Agency.
At the age of 22, he was arrested for a long time.
In the middle of the night, Xu Lin was influenced by Sun Lijun and Meng Jianzhu's incident.
The position of Xu Lin was very...
He was turned around on a platform.
In fact, he was completely okay with the deputy director of the Central News Agency.
His relationship with Xi, and his propaganda experience,
he was completely okay with the deputy director of the Central News Agency.
Or, at this time, he must have been a bit lost.
Thank you, Tang Tang.
By the year 22, he officially received the secretary of Guizhou.
The whole attempt was repeated.
Xu Lin's biggest point of view is his direct relationship with Xi Jinping.
Let's take a look at Sichuan.
Sichuan is Wang Xiaohui's current secretary.
In August of 62nd, he was an urgent person.
He was a senior member of the Supreme Court.
He is similar to Wang Ning.
He has also been in the department of graduation.
After graduation in 1986, he entered the Central News Agency.
He has been in the Central News Agency for 36 years.
So, let's take a look at Wang Ning.
They are all part of the department.
He is a professional director.
After he entered the Central News Agency, he was in the propaganda agency.
He went to the political, legal and research department.
He went to the fishing and theory department.
He became the deputy director.
In 2009, he became the deputy director.
In 2010, he became the spokesman.
Thank you, Ma Wen.
Thank you.
It's all my heart.
Thank you.
Now that the two of them are here.
In 2014, he was in the propaganda agency for 6 months.
It is still the deputy director of the Central News Agency.
He just became a deputy director of the media agency.
He didn't go to the propaganda agency to be the deputy director.
In the second month of 2017, he became deputy director of the newspaper agency.
At that time, he was in the Ministry of Justice.
He also became the deputy director of the media agency.
He still didn't leave the media agency.
This is his key point.
In January 2018, when he became the deputy director of Zheng Yan City for less than a year,
he returned to the Central Propaganda Department and became the deputy director of the Civil Defense Department.
At that time, he was still the deputy director of Zheng Yan City until the summer of 2018.
Then this middle-aged director took over the movie theater.
So everyone found that because Zheng Yan City was the deputy director,
he must have treated Wang Huning.
But everyone found that he was the deputy director of Zheng Yan City.
The first stage was to supervise.
The second stage was to supervise the deputy director of Zheng Yan City.
He only communicated with Wang Huning for less than a year.
By April 2022, he went to Sichuan to be a secretary.
So many people say that Wang Yao Hui is Wang Huning's person.
In fact, it's wrong.
Of course, the relationship on this face will work.
But he is not Wang Huning's person.
But who is he?
First of all, he has been in the Central Propaganda Department for so long.
Especially in 2009, he solved the deputy director.
So he and Liu Yunshan's relationship should be very strong.
Of course, Li Changchun will also recognize him.
This can't be avoided.
In addition, I will tell you that no one has ever said this on the Internet.
Wang Yao Hui has long been relying on Xi Jinping.
When he was in the Central Propaganda Department,
at least from that time, he knew Xi Jinping.
Then he established a relatively good relationship with Xi Jinping.
Everyone knows that when Xi Jinping started his presidency,
he wanted to make his politics a little better.
In the last episode, I said that he used some new Chinese companies,
and even used some Yan'an TV media to create his own brand image.
Of course, some media like Yang Mei,
like Xinhua News Agency and People's Daily,
he is the leader of the Central Propaganda Department.
Like the Daily newspaper and the TV station in the province,
the TV station was arranged by a former secretary of his own.
He was the head of the office,
because he was in poor health,
so he specially arranged a TV station for him
to promote his image of the province.
Yan'an TV used to promote his image of the public's love for him.
So at that time, he accepted a lot of media interviews.
At that time, other than knowing him,
for example, I have told you about the Zhang of the Central Propaganda Department,
the little old man of Xi Jinping, Zhang Jianchun.
And he had some friends in every department.
The Deputy Minister of the Central Propaganda Department,
and later the former Secretary of the State of Sichuan,
what's his name? Wang.
That was also his old friend.
Like the Daily newspaper, Wang Chen,
he was a good friend of Yan'an TV.
And he had a good friend in the Central Propaganda Department.
Wang Xiaohui was very close to him since then.
So everyone knew him.
So Wang Xiaohui was very early to rely on his team.
So why?
So at that time, in 2014,
he sent him to be the Deputy Minister of the Central Propaganda Department.
In 2017, he accepted the Deputy Minister of the Central Propaganda Department.
Then he sent him back to be the Deputy Minister of the Central Propaganda Department.
At the time, Wang Xiaohui was in the Central Propaganda Department.
Everyone knows that when Huang Kunming was in Zhejiang,
it was around 2010,
not 2010, but earlier, around 2007,
Huang Kunming was the deputy minister of Zhejiang.
He was interested in the policy of the Central Propaganda Department.
He also had to run away.
So at that time, Huang Kunming was looking for Wang Xiaohui.
But at that time, Huang Kunming had been in the Central Propaganda Department as the deputy minister.
So he transferred Wang Xiaohui to be the deputy director of the factory.
Because Huang Kunming is a foreign minister.
The Central Committee is such a big mechanism.
You are the deputy director.
You have never done it before. You can't win.
You can't win.
Or you have a good deputy director.
You will do a lot of things.
So of course, Huang Kunming likes to use Wang Xiaohui who has a relationship with himself.
So there will be a lot of trouble in the future.
But let me tell you that Wang Huening doesn't take people.
Except for Lin Shangli of the People's University.
Including the later director, Jiang Jingquan.
Jiang Jingquan has a good relationship with him on the surface.
But later on, he had a long way to go.
He had a long way to go.
So why can Wang Huening not fall?
He and Zhao Leji are one way.
I don't have the right to do anything.
I don't have my own style.
You don't have any threats to you.
I don't recommend myself.
Except for the people who need to work.
Even the deputy director of the factory is your recommendation.
I am all your people.
Do you trust me?
So Wang Huening, including Zhao Leji,
his history studies are very thorough.
His study is so thorough that he got these things.
So he followed his people.
But he got his own life.
He didn't have a lot of power when I was in power.
He didn't have so many people.
He didn't have so many people.
But my power is longer.
So why can't they be connected to the factory in the 20th century?
This is almost the same as his style.
If Wang Qishan could understand this,
he wouldn't have the back.
Right?
Let's talk about Gan Su.
Let's talk about Xi Bei.
Xi Bei, let me see.
Let's talk about the two or three of them.
Gan Su is Hu Changsheng.
Hu Changsheng was a Jiangxi student in December of 1963.
He was a student in Chengdu Geography Academy.
Hu Changsheng was a student leader who was a student with us.
When he graduated, he stayed in Chengdu Geography Academy.
He was not a teacher.
He was a group secretary.
He was a party secretary.
Then he transferred to Chengdu Geography Academy as deputy director.
He was a county secretary in 2002.
During this time, he had a big characteristic.
Look at his resume.
He didn't have a doctor in Sichuan.
He went to Shanda to study history.
Many people were surprised.
Why?
Because his teacher went back to Shanda after he graduated from Sichuan University.
So he went to Shanda with his teacher to study a doctor.
His research subject is Taoism.
Hu Changsheng is a Taoist expert.
Our great leader also likes Taoism.
He is also very interested in this religion.
So Hu Changsheng's doctor thesis is about Taoism.
In 2004, he transferred to Ya'an.
He was a group secretary and then became a county secretary.
In 2006, he went to Sui Ning as deputy director.
The first lady in Hu Changsheng's life was Zhang Xuezhong.
During this time,
Hu Changsheng went to Sui Ning as deputy director in Ya'an.
During this time, he was the leader of Zhang Xuezhong.
These two key steps were to be the deputy director.
These two steps were difficult.
At the time, he was called Zhang Xuezhong.
Zhang Xuezhong, do you know who he is?
He was a work in Gansu.
He was the secretary of Hu Changsheng.
Later, he was the deputy director in Tibet.
Hu Jintao was a group secretary.
He was very close to Hu.
So Zhang Xuezhong treated him very well.
Zhang Xuezhong later retired.
Then Liu Qibao was the director of Ganzizhou.
In 2006, Hu Changsheng was the deputy director.
In 2012, he was the secretary of Ganzizhou.
He was the deputy director for six years.
This time was long.
The middle part was broken.
The scary thing about Liu Qibao is that he didn't treat him well.
That's what he said.
What happened in Ganzizhou?
In Ganzizhou, when he arrived in 2015,
he was transferred to Qinghai as deputy director.
In the middle,
everyone knew that from the jump,
the deputy director was not the deputy director.
Because he is now the deputy director of Ganzizhou.
But at that time, he was not in the scene.
There was a Qiyu in the middle.
There must be Qiyu.
He knew a high person.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have come.
But his secretary of Ganzizhou,
like Liu Qibao,
wouldn't recommend him.
Liu Qibao is also a person who doesn't stick to the pot.
Why did he come up with Qiyu?
On November 24, 2014,
there was a Kanding line below Ganzizhou.
There was a Kanding earthquake at level 6.3.
Kanding was the place where the Kanding song was played.
After the Kanding earthquake,
because the level 6.3 was not small in China at that time.
It was very close to Wenchuan in 2008.
It was Sichuan.
So the subsequent disaster,
including the Central Committee,
caused a lot of trouble for Ganzi.
Xi Jinping especially called.
The leader should have been there.
So he performed better in this process.
So he also knew some of the central leaders.
So imagine that in 2014,
there was an earthquake at the end of November.
He had to be in jail for three months.
Then on June 2nd,
he went to Qinghai to be the head of the organization.
Why did your program last for two or three months?
In this case, he had just been in jail.
He was immediately arrested.
That's how small it was.
In the head of the organization in Qinghai,
he was transferred to Fujian in 2017.
So the two head of the organization
had a relationship with Chen Xi at that time.
Then he was in Fujian and Chen Xi's camp.
Then in 2019, he went to Xiamen to be the secretary.
He knew who Xiamen was.
He was He Lifeng, the head of the organization in Xiamen.
Then the chief secretary had a cousin who had been in Xiamen.
So Xiamen was also a political highland.
So he had a formal relationship with Xiamen.
In this way, you can see that he had Chen Xi.
The head of the organization was very considerate of him.
Then there was He Lifeng,
the first relative of our Uyghur leader.
And he was very considerate of him.
So the two people kept pushing.
In the 21st year, he took the governor of Henglongjiang.
In the 22nd year, he took the secretary of Gansu.
That's the case.
But he did a good job in Xiamen.
He had a lot of business with Xiamen.
He must have solved the problem in Xiamen.
He only solved a part of it.
Let's take a look at Wu Xiaojun, who was killed.
Wu Xiaojun is 66 years old.
He is now a relatively young secretary.
Then he graduated from the University of Jiangxi.
He has been in Jiangxi.
His life has been in Jiangxi for a long time.
At first, he graduated from the Department of Economic Information.
The Department of Economic Information was not the Department of Economic Information.
He was then taken to the Ministry of Rural Affairs.
It was called the Ministry of Public Affairs under the Ministry of Rural Affairs.
After that, he officially went to the Ministry of Rural Affairs.
After that, in 1994, he was promoted by Huang Zhiquan.
Later, he became the governor of the province of Jiangxi.
At that time, he was deputy secretary.
Huang Zhiquan was the deputy secretary of the office of Jiangxi.
Then he was promoted by the deputy secretary of the province of Jiangxi.
So he was taken from the system of Rural Affairs.
When his secretary was Wu Xiaojun,
he looked quite similar.
Everyone found out that the leader chose the secretary.
The general people chose him.
He was similar to him.
The leader was a little boy.
He chose a little boy.
But he chose a big brother.
So they were both mysterious.
It may be that after the two people saw the leader for a long time,
they deliberately went to that room to imitate him.
So when everyone saw,
a lot of the secretary and the leader were mysterious.
So they were both mysterious.
So he followed Wu Xiaojun and Huang Zhiquan all the time.
From the deputy chief of the provincial government office,
to the deputy chief of the provincial government office.
Then Huang Zhiquan withdrew.
Then he went to Huang Zhiquan.
Who is Huang Zhiquan's friend?
Huang Zhiquan is from Zhejiang.
He graduated from Zhejiang Agricultural University.
He graduated from two people.
One is Huang Zhiquan and the other is Li Qiang.
He is our current president.
After Huang Zhiquan withdrew,
Wu Xiaojun家ー
transferred from the provincial government office till its να sleepy,
becoming deputy director of the provincial government office,
and then he went to be deputy director, director of the provincial government office.
Then he деньги acting as a deputy director for the attempting job in the provincial administration office under 13 years.
Then he Nordic ops was made.
Then it went on for every seven years.
Then who was the secondướ of his life?
Which is Lu Xingshe.
After him became Mo Xi's secretarymit,
Lu Xingshe in his hands solved the problem.
and transferred him to the provincial committee as the core director,
including Vice President Lu Xingsheng, who was also very considerate of him.
Thank you, Mr. Zhu Lieliu.
So this Lu Xingsheng is the second most noble person in his life.
In 2017, he became Vice President,
General Vice President, and then became the secretary of Nanchang for a year.
Then he transferred to Qinghai as the secretary.
Then he received the administration of Qinghai and the secretary of Qinghai.
In the middle of this,
I don't know if he grew up looking for Li Qiang,
but when he was in Jiangxi,
he and the great brother-in-law of our Wudang University
had a great time.
You all know that Dejiakui entrusted to Jiangxi a system frame.
At that time, the connection to this system frame was Wu Xiaoyun.
Because he was in charge of the construction and development.
These were all led by Vice President Lu and Nanchang.
So he solved a lot of problems for this.
So this was the key reason for him to be the secretary of the provincial committee.
But Qinghai is a small secretary.
He must also go abroad.
If he develops well, he will definitely have to make a bigger deal.
That is to say, with the previous Chen Gang and these people,
Xin Changxing, these are almost the same way.
Then we have a little time.
Let's briefly talk about Wang Junzheng.
Wang Junzheng is now a secretary of Tibet.
The secretary of Tibet is a man from Shandong in 1963.
He graduated from Shandong University.
He is also good at studying.
Many people say that Wang Junzheng is the one.
He is from Penglin.
One says Shandong is his hometown.
This is wrong.
It's not that he was born in Shandong, he was born in Shandongbao.
He was born in Shandongbao.
Wang Junzheng's life journey is like this.
He is a little similar to Wu Xiaoyun.
He was also a secretary.
In 1988, he entered the former labor office as a secretary.
He has been following this Lin Hu'an.
Lin Hu'an, you know, started with the labor office.
Later, Lin Hu'an arrived in Yunnan.
When he was the governor, he also followed Lin Hu'an.
Before Lin Hu'an left, he arranged him to be a secretary of Kunming's Guandu.
Then he was a long-time secretary.
But after this, everyone knows that Li Ting, Li Jiating,
was the governor.
Lin Hu'an was transferred to the provincial bureau.
He was transferred to the provincial bureau and was affected.
But later, Bai Enpui took over this Lin Hu'an.
But Bai Enpui is also okay with him.
He got him from the deputy secretary of Kunming's organization.
Then he got the deputy director of Yunnan high school.
Finally, he went to Li Jiang in 2007.
Then he took over the secretary in 2009.
Everyone knows that during this period,
he was in Bai Enpui's hands to complete this promotion.
Everyone in Li Jiang knows this is a good place.
This kind of scenery is good.
Generally, it's a business.
Why?
Because after the leadership went to China,
you can give the leadership a lot of research.
The leadership is more fun.
You can get along with him.
You see, when Li Jiang was alive,
like Jia Qinglin's son-in-law went to that place to buy land.
Then a lot of people went there to do projects.
You have the opportunity to let the leadership family come and play.
You can take over.
The leadership will come to the end of the year.
You can take over.
There are a lot of contact points with the leadership.
You have a lot of benefits.
You can beat it.
You see, the later secretary of Li Jiang.
